known_issues: Add some more known issues (#4235)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

SoftDevice Controller
=====================

.. rst-class:: v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0

> DRGN-15251: Very rare assertion fault when peripheral on Coded PHY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DRGN-15251: Very rare assertion fault when connected as peripheral on Coded PHY
```

  The controller could assert when the following conditions are met:

  * The device is connected as a peripheral.
  * The connection PHY is changed to LE Coded PHY.
  * The devices have performed a data length update, the supported values are above the minimum specification defined values.

>   * A packet is received with a CRC error

Reviewer 2: If the other bullet points ends with a period, this one should too :)

>   The controller could assert when the following conditions are met:
> 
>   * The device is connected as a peripheral.
>   * The connection PHY is changed to LE Coded PHY.
>   * The devices have performed a data length update, the supported values are above the minimum specification defined values.
>   * A packet is received with a CRC error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The controller might assert when the following conditions are met:

  * The device is connected as a peripheral.
  * The connection PHY is set to LE Coded PHY.
  * The devices have performed a data length update, and the supported values are above the minimum specification defined values.
  * A packet is received with a CRC error.
```

  **Workaround:** Do not enable :option:`CONFIG_BT_DATA_LEN_UPDATE` for applications that require Coded PHY as a peripheral device.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0

DRGN-15310: HCI Read RSSI fails

>   The command "HCI Read RSSI" returns "Command Disallowed (0x0C)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The command "HCI Read RSSI" always returns "Command Disallowed (0x0C)".
```

>   The command "HCI Read RSSI" always returns "Command Disallowed (0x0C)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The command "HCI Read RSSI" always returns "Command Disallowed (0x0C)".
```

Author: Fixed
